# ENC 1102 ePortfolio
This is a showcase of my work throughout my semester in ENC 1102, and how they contributed to achieving the outcomes of the course.

## Generating Inquiry
This is a learning outcome that I think that I definitely achieved well throughout this course. I especially think so, since the class was dedicated to developing a massive research paper about a topic we had to think of. So starting just with the process of thinking of a topic already prompted me to explore many lines of inquiry and having to consider different questions that needed to be answered. I exercised this well in the **WRITE & DISCUSS: Check-In #1**, as this is where I posted my proposed research topic and discussed my thoughts on it. I also practiced this during **Task 2**, my research proposal, as this is where I explained my questions further and provided lots of background on it.

## Multiple Ways of Writing
In this class, I didn't explore multimodality *that* extensively, but I definitely did branch out in the literacy that I integrated into my work. Usually when I write papers, I use one type of source, maybe just a popular online source like an article, or only cite from books. In the paper for this class though, I incorporated information from popular articles, some of those articles were more opinionated while others were a bit more well done, but then I dipped into more academic/scholarly sources like a paper written by OpenAI. This variety of sources can be clearly seen in my **Task 1**, which was my annotated bibliography. I also described my experiences with this in **Reflection #2**, as I had struggled in the beginning of the assignment, but eventually had lots of success with my resources and variety.

## Information Literacy
This I think ties in well to my last learning outcome, as it has to do with gathering primary and secondary source materials. Just like in my last outcome, **Task 1** was very relevant as it's a display of the sources I collected and how I evaluated them based on different criteria, mostly on relevance, but also for credibility and ethics. **Reading Response #1** is also perfect for this outcome, as this was where I evaluated one of my sources much more extensively and really broke it down based on the criteria.

## Research Genre Production
This outcome was achieved a bit later in the course, as this became evident in my work when I was producing more final work that went into my paper, rather than work that contributed to the planning and initial stages of my paper. This is where I wanna mention **Task 3**, as it was the culmination of everything I had learned in this course this semester, and it demonstrated my writing skill, including how I was able to navigate constrains in academic research genres that mattered to my specific community. I also think that **Reflection #3** is a great assignment to mention here, as I reflected on this outcome in my experiences leading up to Task #3. This class was big in teaching me how to research in a specific academic field, and navigating the constraints of my research question.

## Contributing Knowledge
This is probably my most favorite learning outcome of all. Working on the research paper for this class was very exciting for me, as it's a topic I am deeply passionate and fascinated by. Through the process of working on it, I contributed lots of knowledge on this topic backed by great information that truly supported my claims. This is all seen in **Task 3**. I think the best evidence of this is in the interview I conducted with my cousin Samer Najjar, Security software engineer at *Indeed*. That interview provided a very rich discussion, loaded with great positions on interesting AI topics. Even I learned lots and used the responses from the interview to shape my existing opinions on these topics. I also reflected on this same thing in **Reflection #4**, talking about how I feel like I contributed lots of knowledge with my work in this research.

## Revision
Although the last outcome was my most favorite, this outcome was also a big one for me in this class. A big thing that I really appreciated from this professor is that they regularly had us discuss our work and our progress, then would have us all provide feedback for each other. I think this is great, as everybody was well supported throughout the duration of the class and had constant feedback to adjust their work accordingly. **Check-In #2** is evidence of me reflecting on my work and voicing concerns I wanted help with. **Reflection #3** is also perfect for this, as it's more direct reflection with the professor. Outside of assignment, the professor was always there when I contacted them with concerns. Their flexibility and assistance was very helpful and always greatly appreciated.

## Thank you
Lastly, I want to thank professor Hensley, because their support throughout this course helped me a lot to succeed. Talking with them always relieved my concerns, and ensured I did well. Thank you :)